feat: update useGeneratedHtmlId to use React.useId when available (#7095)
elastic/eui: upcoming_changelogs/7095.md

> - Updated `useNewGeneratedHtmlId` to use `React.useId` as the source of unique identifiers when available

Reviewer: In terms of other developers reading our changelog, `useNewGeneratedHtmlId` likely won't mean anything to them - we should refer to the existing exported function name

```suggestion
- Updated `useGeneratedHtmlId` hook to use `React.useId` as the source of unique identifiers when available
```

Author: whoops, copied the wrong thing 🤦🏻
